Docs: define which files to keep py2 compatible (#2015)
tox-dev/tox: docs/changelog/2013.doc.rst

> Update code style to mention which Python versions code syntax should be used in which files - by :user:`eumiro`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add information why certain files need to stay Python 2 compatible - by :user:`eumiro`.
```

Reviewer 2: I don't think this needs a changelog, considering its not user-facing change 🤔
